#	1. Introduction

In the GDTLancer universe, space travel relies on Subspace, a 
hypothetical additional spatial dimension that exists alongside the three 
dimensions of space that we are familiar with. This fourth spatial 
dimension could be represented as a circle, with its circumference line 
being a 3D space, and its radius being the fourth dimension.

The W-drive is a device that allows ships to access Subspace and take 
advantage of its properties to travel faster than the speed of light. 
Different forms of W-drive propulsion take ships to different depths of 
Subspace, with deeper dives allowing for faster travel, while shallow 
dives allow for more efficient STL travel.

##	Table of Contents:

    1. Introduction
    2. General concepts
		a. Explanation of Subspace and the W-drive
		b. Types of propulsion methods
	3. Slow-than-light (STL) Propulsion Methods	
		a. Conventional propulsion methods
		b. W-drive for STL travel
	4. Faster-than-light (FTL) Propulsion Methods
		a. Different forms of W-drive propulsion
		b. Types of power cores used by ships for FTL travel
	5. Conclusion

#	2. General concepts
Different forms of W-drive propulsion take ships to different depths of 
Subspace, with deeper dives allowing for faster travel, enabling FTL. It 
is important to note that the W-drive does not work on its own; ships 
still require conventional propulsion methods to create thrust and move 
around.


####	2.a. Explanation of Subspace and the W-drive
Here is the corrected version that I will use:

Subspace is an additional spatial dimension that exists alongside the 
three dimensions of space that we are familiar with. This fourth 
dimension could be represented as a circle, with its circumference line 
being a 3D space, and its radius being the fourth dimension. The concept 
of Subspace is similar to the concept of hyperspace in other science 
fiction works.

The W-drive is a device that allows ships to access Subspace and take 
advantage of its properties to travel faster, and even faster than the 
speed of light. As ships move inwards along the fourth dimension, the 
same angular distance on the circle results in a shorter arc, effectively 
shortening the distance traveled in 3D space.

Different forms of W-drive propulsion take ships to different depths of 
Subspace, with deeper dives allowing for faster travel. However, there is 
a trade-off between speed and efficiency, as deeper dives require more 
energy and generate more heat, which should be accounted for. Shallow 
dives, on the other hand, allow for more efficient STL travel, and are 
more accessible due to lower energy requirements.


####	2.b. Types of propulsion methods
