#	1. Introduction

(DRAFT)
1. Small vessels: STL, meant for near-orbit operation (say, within 1 AU), 
can combat, can harvest asteroids, etc, etc. Small and maneuverable. 
Cheap. Consume readonably small amount of fuel that it doesn't require 
player to grind for it. Is given for free (basic one) if you lose your 
ship (like Corvette in EVE) and chose not to load a sve game but to 
continue.

2. Medium vessel: FTL (10-100c less or more, should cross planetary 
system in about 10 minutes). Meant for interplanetary travel, serves as a 
small base of operation, can carry small vessels (maybe 1-2), not meant 
for combat or anything else other than traveling and storing cargo and 
some means of production to deploy small stuff. Slow and not very 
maneuverable, best used on autopilot direct travel mode than on manual 
flight.

3. Large vessel: same as medium, but bigger, travels faster (around 
1000-10000c, or whichever is needed to travel between nearby stars within 
10-minute timeframe, for the sake of gameplay). Same as above, but can 
stor and carry more.

4. Deployable outpost (say, player station): automated propulsion-less 
space base that acts as a beakon in space (you can target it with 
autopilot), stores stuff, has production means. Maybe can slowly harvest 
materials from space, but this is uncertain at the moment. Mainly works 
as a midpoint in long travel. Maybe it will be expandable into a proper 
space base with life support. But this is for future. 

Vessels 2, 3, 4 will require substantional amount of fule to operate 
(ships for FTL, outpost for energy). Ship 1 will require small amount of 
fuel or it will not have to be replenished often, because it is a basic 
ships.

##	Table of Contents:

    1. Introduction
    2. General concepts
		a. 

#	2. General concepts



####	2.a. 
