#	1. Introduction

The Moirai Star Cluster is a vast and dense sector of space spanning 
hundreds of light years, located within the galactic expanse of the 
known universe. Situated in the early stages of human colonization, 
this star cluster holds immense potential for exploration and 
development. Its unique characteristics and uncharted regions make it a 
focal point for ambitious spacefarers and adventurers.

The defining feature of the Moirai Star Cluster is the Nebulous Expanse, 
a colossal nebula that dominates the region. Within this nebula, a 
network of cavernous outcrops and passages provides relatively safe 
pathways for space travel. These caverns, resembling caves within the 
fog, offer a respite from the hazardous outer regions of the nebula.

The Nebulous Expanse is aptly named due to its dense and fog-like nature. 
Beyond the caverns lies an endless expanse of fog, obscuring visibility 
and posing significant navigational challenges. As a result, the 
advancement of space travel is limited to the relatively clear and 
navigable caverns, where ships can safely venture deeper into the star 
cluster.

Within the Moirai Star Cluster, the unexplored frontiers beckon intrepid 
explorers. As human colonization progresses, new star systems and areas 
of interest are gradually discovered and added to the expanding map of 
the cluster. These unoccupied systems, awaiting the arrival of pioneers, 
provide opportunities for resource extraction, colonization, and the 
establishment of frontier colonies.

Resource-rich systems are scattered throughout the Moirai Star Cluster. 
While all star systems contain valuable resources, their distribution 
and accessibility vary. Some systems possess concentrations of rare or 
strategic resources, making them desirable targets for prospectors and 
entrepreneurs. The acquisition and management of these resources play a 
pivotal role in the growth and success of individuals and factions 
within the cluster.

Frontier colonies emerge as vital hubs of activity within the Moirai 
Star Cluster. As human presence expands, these colonies serve as centers 
for trade, interaction, and the exchange of ideas. Here, individuals can 
engage with each-other, undertake missions, and establish alliances with 
factions that hold sway over the cluster's development. 
These colonies form the bedrock of a living and evolving ecosystem.

Space travel within the dense fog of the Nebulous Expanse presents its 
own set of challenges. The fog limits the maximum velocity of W-drive 
propulsion, necessitating the use of a gate system within the caverns. 
These gates, strategically placed within the empty parts of the nebula, 
provide ships with the necessary velocity to reduce travel time and 
navigate the cluster more efficiently. While traveling through the dense 
fog is possible, taking shortcuts through this hazardous environment may 
require sacrificing time for potential gains or risks.

##	Table of Contents:

    1. Introduction
    2. General concepts
		a. 

#	2. General concepts



####	2.a. 
